hey everyone Robert here are you looking
for a better way to manage your multiple
monitors like have a taskbar display on
every monitor or even have the ability
to manage wallpapers and screensavers
individually well with actual multiple
monitors from actual tools you'll be
able to do just that and more now I have
a dual monitor setup and was looking to
better manage wallpaper across both
screens as well as have a taskbar show
on my second screen this software gives
you the option to include a whole other
task bar on any other screen while
including the start button notification
icons as well as a date and time you
have the option to mirror the primary
task bar or to have it work individually
with different screens for example when
you minimize windows in screen to it'll
minimize them and that dedicated task
bar for screen too there's also an
option to add additional title bar
buttons for an easier way of moving a
window to another monitor or to span the
entire window over all monitors what I
found useful was a multi monitor
wallpaper support I now have control
over what wallpapers display on each
screen individually you can even display
different screen savers on each screen
so if I want bubbles on screen one and
mystify on screen two I can do that you
can even choose to display a single
screen saver over the entire desktop as
if it were one large screen you can set
up custom hot keys which can move the
active window in different areas of the
screen or even control various mouths
features such as locking it within a
certain window locking it in a single
screen etc other options include the
ability to adjust different window
settings divide the desktop and even
have the ability to save all these
settings as a profile so let's say i had
the workspace setup just like it is and
maybe while doing a particular task i
didn't want the taskbar or wallpapers
showing up anymore with desktop profiles
you can save different workspaces and
individual profiles which you can switch
from by using hotkeys of course these
are just a few features actual multiple
monitors has to offer it has many more
options available
ball and it doesn't have a very big
footprint while running either it works
on just about all Windows versions all
the way down to Windows 2000 as for cost
they have a free version that won't
expire but features are limited the pro
version with all the features costs 2995
you can try the pro version 30 days free
before you buy it to see if it'll work
for you I was actually able to obtain a
20-percent discount for you guys which
will bring the price down to around 23
bucks and some change check the
description for that link as well as a
link to view a comparison chart between
the free and pro versions overall I
think it works quite well for my setup
and I like having the independent
control over the task bars and you know
more control over all if you happen to
already be using multiple monitor
software and would like to switch actual
tools will give you thirty percent off
their software as a competitive discount
if you don't have multiple monitors you
probably already stopped watching by now
but if you're still here maybe you know
of someone who has them and can tell
them all about this so if you've been
looking for a better way to manage your
multiple monitor setup check out actual
multiple monitors that's it for this
week's windows tip hopefully you found
it useful if you have any questions feel
free to leave those in the comments
below thanks a lot for watching and I'll
see you next time